Add support for non-public OIDC clients (#1262)
kyma-project/busola: docs/features.md

  },
  ```

> - **SSO_LOGIN** – is used to configure data necessary for the SSO login such as an issuer address, client’s ID, client’s Secret and scopes. If clientSecret is omitted, a public client is assumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SSO_LOGIN** – is used to configure data necessary for the SSO login such as an issuer address, client’s ID, client’s Secret and scopes. If the client's Secret is omitted, a public client is used.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd go with `clientSecret`, as it's a name of the variable, not some client's K8s Secret resource.
```suggestion
- **SSO_LOGIN** – is used to configure data necessary for the SSO login such as an issuer address, client’s ID, client’s Secret and scopes. If `clientSecret` is omitted, a public client is used.
```
I've added backticks to emphasize that.
